4.1	Pay Time Sheet Processing Overview
The following steps are completed in sequence to successfully enter and Transfer Timesheets into the Payroll Journal for Processing:

1.	Select a Payroll for processing
2.	Enter Pay Time Sheet Lines for your Employees
3.	Lock the Pay Time Sheet Lines
4.	Open the Pay Journal and Transfer Timesheets

4.3	Pay Time Sheet Journal

 

The Pay Time Sheet Journal card can be used as an area to review timesheets imported into from a third party system or as an area to enter in payroll transaction against jobs for employees.  Various ribbons allow users to perform a multitude of tasks such as: 
•	Home ribbon (Process section) – provides users with the ability to delete, navigate through pay periods and employees and refresh data,
•	Actions ribbon (General section) – provides the user with navigation access to pay periods and employees
•	Actions ribbon (Print section) – provides users with access to the timesheet reports
•	Navigate ribbon (Line section) – provides users with access the Dimensions for the transaction line, Pay Transaction type cards and Classification rates for the employee
•	Navigate ribbon (Employee section) – provides users with access to the employee’s Payroll Employee card or Ledger Entries.
1.	You must select a Payroll if you have not previously selected a default Payroll.  
2.	Once the Payroll has been selected the First Active employee in the payroll is displayed.
3.	Use the Employee Number field to select or enter the Employee that you wish to enter a Pay Timesheet 
4.	Once the Employee has been selected on the Pay Time Sheet Journal form enter transactions for the Payroll Employee. The total of the units is updated and displayed when you move to the next line.
5.	You must Lock the lines before you will be allowed to transfer them to the Pay Journal.  Select the Lock control to prevent transactions from being edited and allow them to be transferred to the Payroll Journal
Note: Once the lines have been transferred for the employee the transactions cannot be changed.  To edit the transactions either changed them in the Pay Journal or add additional lines to the Pay Timesheet Journal.
6.	After you have finished this process you may transfer the lines into the pay Journal and review the lines in the Pay Journal.
7.	To open the Pay Journal window
